(birds chirping)
-(grunting)
-(shurikens clanking)
Ha, I did it!
I hit the target again!
(laughing)
[Boruto] And even with practice,
you won't always
hit the bullseye.
But still, if you
just keep at it,
I bet it'll lead to something.
Something you can't
buy with a black card.
Something you can only
earn with your hands.
I swear, I'm gonna become
a full fledged ninja
and get Papa to notice me!
[Yamaoka] Milord!
Huh?
(panting)
Yamaoka, have you finished
packing up our stuff yet?
We're leaving the Leaf
later on, you know?
Yes, I know, but
just a moment ago,
I happened to see a
man near the hotel
who was pretending
to be a body guard.
What, seriously?
Transformation Jutsu?
That's right. I believe it's
possible he could be here
in order to make an attempt
on Lord Ikkyu's life.
We must notify him at once.
Wait, hold on.
If I can find out
who that man is,
then it would be really
helpful info for my father.
But Milord!
Such a task is much too
difficult for you alone!
After undergoing Boruto's
super rigorous training,
I'm different than I was before!
You have matured!
You're a splendid young man!
If that's what you've decided,
then I, Yamaoka, shall
assist you any way I can!
All right, great!
Take me to where you saw him!
Of course!
(ominous laughing)
(footsteps tapping)
(opening theme music)
(singing in Japanese)
[Sarada] So Boruto, how'd
that bodyguard gig go?
[Boruto] Well you see, it was
for the Feudal Lord's son Tento.
He's a super-spoiled
bratty rich kid.
Real hard to get along with.
I thought I couldn't
do it at first.
-(laughing)
-Oh?
But once I talked to him
and got to know
him, he wasn't bad!
And we even became
friends in the end!
(chuckling)
That's so like you.
(playful music)
(door creaking)
(gasping)
[Sarada] What's going on?
Oh, you're here.
Come on in, you guys, but
watch your step, okay?
Wow, when did you
become such a slob?
You know, since you're a jonin,
you should really
get it together.
(groaning)
Wait a second.
Don't tell me you
called us in here
just to clean all
this stuff up for you.
Don't be ridiculous!
I mean, don't you
guys want to find out
what's on this
scroll I'm holding?
Yeah, yeah, okay, we get it.
It's a new mission, right?
This isn't just any old mission.
This one is B-rank.
[All] What, B-rank?
Awesome, finally!
Big Bro, I totally
love you right now!
Hey, I keep telling you,
you need to call me Sensei!
Finally, a mission
where we'll really
get to show off
our full abilities.
Although, why was our
team chosen for this?
Yeah, he's right.
B-rank is normally something
only higher rank ninja
like chunin take on
because of the level
of difficulty, right?
That's correct.
However, it was decided
that you guys can handle it.
All of your
accomplishments before now
haven't gone unnoticed.
(laughing)
But don't let your guard down.
As I'm sure you know...
A B-rank mission can be
very dangerous, right?
Yes.
It's possible you could
end up fighting people
that are right out
of the Bingo Book.
Yeah, but if we can
complete this mission,
then it'll prove how
awesome we are, right?
Sounds just perfect
for somebody whose goal
is to become the Hokage!
At the same time, the
bigger the expectations
that people have for
the three of you,
the greater the criticism
you could receive
if you guys end up failing.
You willing to take
that risk or what?
Yeah, sure.
I mean, we are Team
Seven, aren't we?
All right, let's do this!
I'm excited as well!
Well, okay then!
Since you're all on
board, you leave tonight.
Go show them what
you're made of.
[All] Yes, sir!
(birds chirping)
-(sliding door whirring)
-(footsteps tapping)
-Oh?
-Is Tento behind this again?
Yes, sir.
It seems that he's purchased
a large amount of X Cards.
What in the world
could he be thinking?
Just get rid of them
all immediately.
-Right.
-(footsteps tapping)
What could be going through
that boy's head anyway?
I couldn't pay very
much attention to him,
so he grew up to be spoiled and
a little bit out of control.
(chuckling)
I think that's just how
every kid is, you know?
[Ikkyu] Wait, hold on.
Oh?
I'll talk to Tento
myself about all this.
Sir!
Might be nice to soak
in the hot springs
and discuss it there.
(birds chirping)
Right this way.
(tense music)
(footsteps tapping)
Uh, Yamaoka?
Are you sure this
is the right place?
Yes, of course, Milord.
I'm sure it was around
here, although...
Hey, come on, get it together!
Or else this guy might get away!
(air whooshing)
[Gang Member] That
took a while, sir.
Huh?
(grunting)
(chuckling)
(tense music)
(footsteps tapping)
He's nowhere to be found, sir!
Is it possible that he went
somewhere with Yamaoka?
No, sir.
Yamaoka didn't
mention anything to us
about taking him on an outing.
But I can confirm that Tento
was in the garden earlier
doing shuriken training.
Go and get in contact
with Yamaoka now!
And find Tento right away!
Yes, sir!
Oh, Tento...
[Boruto] A B-rank
mission at last!
[Mitsuki] Your wish
finally came true.
(chuckling) I'm gonna make
sure we totally crush it!
And that means the next one
is gonna be an S-rank mission!
-(chuckling)
-Yes.
Hey, what's this?
Wait, this is...
Is there something
wrong with that X Card?
Well, no, it's just
a super rare card
I've been wanting
for a while now.
But what's it doing in my...
Tento!
(humming)
So uh, you want it?
No, thanks.
Huh, why not?
I'm the type of guy
who gets what he wants
by using his own strengths,
no matter how hard it might be.
Get it?
Tento did this.
He snuck it in 'cause
I wouldn't take it?
Weirdly considerate for a brat.
(groaning)
(mischievous music)
[Mitsuki] Boruto?
Damn it, I want it,
but I really can't take it.
I'll see ya.
There's something I have to do.
And don't be late
for our rendezvous.
I've got it.
(mischievous music)
(humming)
(guards muttering)
(footsteps tapping)
What's going on?
There are so many
guards around here.
(air whooshing)
Either way, I
can't believe Tento
managed to sneak something
into the pocket of a ninja.
It's almost insulting how
he keeps on surprising me.
Now it's my turn.
I'm just gonna gallantly
sneak inside his room
from the balcony all ninja like.
But uh, which one's his room?
[Ikkyu] Damn it!
Who's behind this?
Shoot, was I spotted?
I should've just gone in
through the front door.
How dare they kidnap Tento!
I will not let them
get away with this!
He was kidnapped?
They say if we go
public with this,
Young Lord Tento will die.
(gasping)
Oh, Tento...
Just what were his
bodyguards doing?
I'm afraid that no one even saw
Young Lord Tento
leave the hotel, sir.
Damn it!
And also sir, the Mujina Gang
is claiming responsibility.
That band of thieves?
And what do they want?
500 million in cash, and also...
Well, what is it?
The release of all the detainees
being held in Hozuki castle.
Ridiculous!
There's no way that
the Land of Fire
can agree to arbitrarily
do something like that!
And besides, that
place is administered
by the Hidden Grass!
[Guard] As for the Mujina Gang
and their leader, Shojoji,
the Hidden Leaf should
already be searching for them.
Shall we ask Leaf shinobi
for assistance or?
No! No way!
They made it past the
Hidden Leaf security
and secretly bided their time
just waiting for this chance!
And then they managed
to kidnap Tento
without any witnesses
seeing them.
So the Mujina are most likely
monitoring our movements.
But how can they be?
I think we have to assume
that they must have a spy
inside the Hidden Leaf,
if not among my very own staff!
Impossible!
That must be the reason
why they were able to
pull this off at all.
[Guard] I can't believe
the Mujina Gang's
aware of our actions...
If we make a stupid move
now, Tento's life is forfeit.
(gasping)
Go find out where
Yamaoka is immediately.
And until we can find
out who the spy is,
do not let the Hidden
Leaf get wind of this.
[Guard] Yes, sir!
What is the location
of the ransom handoff?
It's at Point C66 in
one hour, but Milord...
There's little time, but
I'll get the money somehow.
However, I absolutely cannot
release any of the prisoners.
We'll negotiate a compromise.
But sir, will the Mujina Gang
actually honor any
of their promises
once they get
ahold of the money?
I mean, they aren't
the type to negotiate.
All I can do is try.
I'm the Land of
Fire's Feudal Lord.
But more, I am Tento's father!
(air whooshing)
Damn it!
I've got to find him.
They won't get away with this!
(tense music)
Please, Tento...
I hope that you stay safe.
(cicadas chirping)
(shurikens clanking)
(clock ticking)
-(air whooshing)
-(shurikens clanking)
Ha, perfect form!
B-rank or whatever, bring it on!
(knocking)
Huh?
[Boruto] Sarada, you there?
Boruto?
I'm sorry to bother you so late.
Do you got a minute?
Yeah, what's up?
That new mission, I can't do it.
(cicadas chirping)
(groaning)
It's something more important
than a B-rank mission?
That's right.
(sighing)
Something you can't talk about?
Yeah.
(sighing) Mitsuki and I will
take care of everything here.
Go do what you need to do.
Sarada?
Uh, yeah?
[Boruto] Thank you.
(air whooshing)
(scoffing)
Oh man, he really
is a piece of work.
(footsteps tapping)
If there is a spy, then I
can't tell the Leaf about this.
I'll just have to
handle it myself.
(air whooshing)
(tense music)
(whimpering)
(gasping)
[Yamaoka] Hey, Milord.
Huh?
Tell me, how are you
feeling right now?
(tense music)
Yamaoka!
Where are we?
Quickly, hurry up and untie me!
(grunting)
(groaning)
Yamaoka, why?
Oh no, please forgive me!
I haven't introduced
myself to you yet, have I?
(cracking)
Huh?
-(tense music)
-(loud humming)
(buttons clicking)
(growling)
(whimpering)
-(groaning)
-(sighing)
Is that you, Yamaoka?
The real Yamaoka's been
dead for a while now.
Hold on, Yamaoka is dead?
Well, it's actually more
like I ate him all up.
(whimpering)
The Corpse Clone Jutsu.
It's a forbidden Jutsu
through which I can
take on the appearance,
memories, and abilities
of the victims that I eat.
(whimpering)
Along with their lives.
But just who are you?
My name is Shojoji.
And I'm one of those ninjas
that you like so much.
Really, you're a ninja?
What, that's it?
Not the reception I hoped for.
I've never seen or heard of
anyone named Shojoji before.
Hold on.
Are you trying to tell me
I'm not on one of those
ninja cards of yours?
But that bastard
Orochimaru's got one, right?
(whimpering)
Oh, come on now,
don't be so scared.
We merely have a little business
to conduct with your papa.
We're right in the
middle of negotiating
some pretty crazy
demands with him.
Naturally, they come with
some strings attached.
You're the reward
for giving in to us.
(whimpering)
(tense music)
Point C66 is completely clear.
Leaf Ninja, haven't
made a move, have they?
Report back if you
see anything unusual.
-Roger.
-(shuriken clanking)
All right, now lead me
to where your hideout is.
(crickets chirping)
(air whooshing)
[Mitsuki] Where's Boruto?
He's unbelievable!
He had urgent business
and can't do the B-rank
mission we waited so long for.
He's just as reckless
and unreliable as ever.
Just what was so urgent?
He said he couldn't tell me.
But still, I know that
something big is up.
So what now?
It's too late to back out of
the B-rank mission, right?
(sighing)
(groaning)
(grunting)
You were out playing
with shuriken,
pointlessly pretending to be
a real ninja, weren't you?
(grunting)
I was training.
(laughing)
You call that training?
Just face it, kid.
No matter how much
someone like you trains,
you're still never
gonna be useful at all.
But the Feudal Lord of the
Land of Fire will be useful.
After all, money and power
are always at his fingertips.
If you only want money,
my dad will pay you
whatever you want.
If it's not enough, look!
The ultimate black card!
It'll buy you anything you want!
So please just take
it and let me go.
(humming)
(whimpering)
(crunching)
-(spitting)
-(grunting)
Don't make me laugh,
you little brat!
(groaning)
Your dream is to
become an amazing ninja
who's worthy enough to be
put on an X Card, right?
But the truth is
everything that you have,
you only got because
of the money and power
that your father possesses.
That's why you'll
never be a real ninja.
All you are and the best
you can ever hope to be
is a bargaining chip to use
against the Feudal Lord.
That's it.
Nothing more.
On the other hand, I
have my forbidden Jutsu.
I can simply devour
whatever I want.
Once I do, I can make everything
and everyone my pawns.
I'll be able to control
the entire world!
What are you even talking about?
First, I'll devour
you and become you.
I'm sure that because
of our demands,
the Land of Fire
must be in chaos now.
After I finish with you,
I'll then return to
the Feudal Lord as you,
and act as though
everything's been resolved.
And after a touching reunion
between father and son,
I'll devour the Feudal Lord
and seize the reins of
power over the Land of Fire.
But don't worry, I'll
turn it into a nice place
where evil people
can live peacefully.
-(whimpering)
-(tense music)
-(thudding)
-(grunting)
(laughing)
Oh well.
You'll never make it
onto your own X Card,
but you'll always be a good
little bargaining chip.
I guess you can consider
your dream fulfilled.
(laughing)
(whimpering)
I just...
I may not be much right now,
but one day I want to
be an amazing ninja
who supports the Hokage.
(whimpering)
There any word from
the Feudal Lord yet?
Nope, nothing so far.
(growling)
Doesn't he care what
happens to his son?
Huh?
-(growling)
-(tense music)
What's this?
Don't you dare underestimate me!
I am kinda curious
what you plan to do
with a toy like that,
but just forget it, kid.
It'll be a pain if you get
hurt before the handoff.
[Tento] You are no ninja!
Nobody's ever going to
acknowledge scum like you
as a true ninja, and that's why
you'll never be on
an X Card either!
What?
I know I may not be as
strong as a real ninja is,
but I won't be anyone's
bargaining chip!
(growling)
If I do this, then
at the very least
I can be helpful to my dad!
No you don't, brat!
-(explosion booming)
-(tense music)
(whimpering)
Quite an admirable move.
I could have never imagined
you'd have an ace up
your sleeve like that.
I just, I just
don't want to cause
any more trouble for my dad!
Hey, come on, now.
We can't have you wasting
your precious life like that,
especially since I'm
still going to need
to eat your living brain
in order to take your face
for my Corpse Clone Jutsu.
(growling)
(tense music)
(whimpering)
(screaming)
(grunting)
(gasping)
(energetic music)
[Boruto] Tento, you
got some guts, kid.
I'm impressed.
(gasping)
Boruto, you came!
You're kinda late!
(growling)
(spitting)
Leave the rest of this to me
because this is a
job for a ninja.
(closing theme music)
[Boruto] I should
be asking you that.
What exactly do you
want with my friend?
You unworthy bastard,
you're no ninja.
[Shojoji] First the
Feudal Lord's son
and now the Hokage's?
Well it seems that I've been
dealt a pretty nice hand here.
[Tento] Why, Boruto?
Your bodyguard
mission is over now!
[Boruto] Sorry I'm so late.
Tento, get back so
you don't get hurt.
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations:
Boruto and Tento.
You hurt my friend, and I
won't let you get away it!
(closing theme music)